README.md, before:

# ActionScript Funkin (aka Diet Funkin)
Simple FNF engine clone using ActionScript. Programmed like it's 2002! 

The .fla file includes a very simple demo "week" showing very basic gameplay capabilities.

Due to ActionScript 2 limitations, some things like the "ratio bar" aren't implemented.

### Benefits 

- Entire game can be stored in 1 SWF file!
- Clone can be played online using Ruffle!
- You can do cool stuff with the arrows!
- Truly scalable vector sprites!
- If you can tween, you can make weeks!

### **Build Dependencies**

Macromedia Flash 8 (or any version after that, but before Flash CC 2013)

### **Running**
Will work on Ruffle. Requires capabilities of at least Flash Player 5. 

(if you add epic parallax, vcam and video, that would require Flash Player 6 capabilities)

### **Modding**

You mod by importing your song as a WAV/MP3, adding it to streaming. 

For charting and opponent singing, you just have to tween the arrows.

Store your weeks in movie clips. 1 movie clip for each song. Label your frames like "week1_1", "week1_2", "week1_3", "week2_1" and so on.

If you want your mod to work with Ruffle, DO NOT USE BLURRING, GLOWING OR ANY OTHER FILTERS!

If you want your mod graphics to be small, optimize your graphics using Modify > Shape > Optimize. Use bitmaps sparsingly.

Commit message:

add common sounds, assets for other FNF characters
Create Monster_Assets.fla

README.md, after:

# ActionScript Funkin (aka Diet Funkin)
Simple FNF engine clone using ActionScript. Programmed like it's 2002! 

The .fla file includes a very simple demo "week" showing very basic gameplay capabilities, with title and game over screens.

Due to ActionScript 2 limitations, some things like the "ratio bar" aren't implemented.

### Benefits 

- Entire game can be stored in 1 SWF file!
- Clone can be played online using Ruffle!
- You can do cool stuff with the arrows!
- Truly scalable vector sprites!
- If you can tween, you can make weeks!

### **Build Dependencies**

Macromedia Flash 8 (or any version after that, but before Flash CC 2013)

### **Running**
Will work on Ruffle. Requires capabilities of at least Flash Player 5. 

(if you add epic parallax, vcam and video, that would require Flash Player 6 capabilities)

### **Modding**

You mod by importing your song as a WAV/MP3, adding it to streaming. 

For charting and opponent singing, you just have to tween the arrows.

Store your weeks in movie clips. 1 movie clip for each song. Label your frames like "week1_1", "week1_2", "week1_3", "week2_1" and so on.

If you want your mod to work with Ruffle, DO NOT USE BLURRING, GLOWING OR ANY OTHER FILTERS!

If you want your mod graphics to be small, optimize your graphics using Modify > Shape > Optimize. Use bitmaps sparsingly.

### **.FLA Guide**

FNF_AS2_proto.fla - includes shared songs demo week code + UI assets + assets for GF, BF and Pico.
Other .fla files - assets for weeks.

FNF_Lite.fla - might come in the future. Ports stock FNF weeks to the 'Diet Engine'.
